here's what's in theaters this weekend a
man's daughter is the center of his
universe James Franco and Bryan Cranston
team up and why him an edgy comedy about
a fathers rivalry with his daughter's
billionaire boyfriend in the
breathtaking fantasy film a monster
calls a boy embarks on a life-changing
journey of loss courage and faith roof
over your head yes sir got clothes on
your back yes sir why you think that is
the drama fences takes a cold hard look
at race relations in the 1950s through
the eyes of a struggling family here's
this week's fantasy patient so what's
your weekend ticket going to be let us
know by commenting below see you next
time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]